Subject: Helix Floor support is in — up for testing it on the actual hardware?


Hi,

Your last capture cracked it. The question I was stuck on was how an edit
addresses a block on the second DSP, and the answer turned out to be that slot
numbers just run straight through both of them: DSP1 is 0-19, DSP2 is 20-39.
No hidden field, no mode switch. Sweeping those five blocks instead of the two
I asked for is what made it certain - each one landed exactly where that rule
predicts, so it was five confirmations instead of one. Thank you for that.

Floor support is now written and passing tests. It reads both DSPs, handles
Looper blocks (which we were silently skipping - that was a bug on the Stomp
too), and connects to the Floor's USB ID. Against your captures it decodes
"Pull Me Under" completely: all 15 blocks, both paths, correct footswitch
assignments.

But all of that is offline, against recordings. Nobody has ever run this
against a physical Helix Floor. If you're willing, that's the one thing left
that I can't do myself.

It's all read-only. Nothing writes to the pedal, and nothing goes anywhere near
firmware. Worst realistic case is that it doesn't connect and you unplug it.


WHAT I'D NEED YOU TO DO

Setup, on the Linux box, one time:

    git clone -b helix_floor https://github.com/john-baxter-dev/fretwire
    cd fretwire
    cargo build -p fretwire-cli --release


Step 1 - import the reference data from your own HX Edit install.

This one is important and it has to come first, or nothing else works. The
tool ships none of Line 6's data - it reads the model and parameter tables out
of your own HX Edit installation.

Copy the "res" folder out of your Windows HX Edit install directory over to the
Linux box, then:

    ./target/release/fretwire import-data /path/to/res

(An HX Edit installer .exe works too, but it needs 7z installed to unpack it.
The res folder is less hassle.)


Step 2 - install the USB permissions rule, then unplug and replug the Helix.

    ./target/release/fretwire install-udev

The replug matters. The rule only takes effect the next time the device
enumerates.


Step 3 - the actual test.

Run these four in order, and send me the output of each one, including any
errors:

    ./target/release/fretwire detect
    ./target/release/fretwire connect
    ./target/release/fretwire presets
    ./target/release/fretwire pull

For the last one, have a preset loaded that uses both paths. FACTORY 1, 12B
"Pull Me Under" would be perfect - that's the one we decoded from your
captures, so I can compare the live output against what I already know it
should say, block for block.


PLEASE DON'T RUN THESE YET

save, write-roundtrip, delete-block, or anything else that changes the pedal.
Those write to the device. I'd like to confirm reading works first. Writes come
after that, and I'll want you to take a fresh backup before we try them.


IF SOMETHING GOES WRONG

Any hang or error, this gives me what I need to debug it:

    RUST_LOG=trace ./target/release/fretwire connect 2>&1 | tail -50

Two failures I half expect. A permissions error on "connect" usually just means
the udev rule hasn't taken yet - unplug and replug and try again. A timeout on
"connect" would be more interesting; the retry logic has never run against a
Floor, so that's genuinely new ground.

No rush on any of this, and no obligation - you've already given this project
more than I expected. If you'd rather not plug experimental software into your
pedal I completely understand.

Thanks again,
